update: added strapi provider example to readme (#44)
sidebase/nuxt-auth: README.md

  modules: ['@sidebase/nuxt-auth'],
  auth: {
    // The module is enabled. Change this to disable the module

>     // Note: Optional and true by default, don't include this line.

Reviewer: please remove this -> this section is for configuration example as stated on top, many of the below keys are optional.

##### Example with two providers

Here's what a full config can look like, we allow authentication via:
- a Github Oauth flow
- a username + password flow (called `CredentialsProvider`)

> Note that the below implementation of the credentials provider is flawed and mostly copied over from the [NextAuth.js credentials example](https://next-auth.js.org/configuration/providers/credentials) in order to give a picture of how to get started with the credentials provider:

Reviewer: Let's remove this from here now, as we have it below now, we don't want to double stuff (:

##### Example with two providers

> Here's what a full config can look like, wee allow authentication via a:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's what a full config can look like, we allow authentication via:
```

> - Github Oauth flow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- a Github Oauth flow
```

- a username + password flow (called `CredentialsProvider`)

> - Strapi JWT example with the `CredentialsProvider`

Reviewer: wrong section -> in this section we only have the GH oauth flow and the credentials flow, the strapi flow is below

> Note that the below implementation of the credentials provider is flawed and mostly copied over from the [NextAuth.js credentials example](https://next-auth.js.org/configuration/providers/credentials) in order to give a picture of how to get started with the credentials provider:

Reviewer: Let's move this below the example code in the following form:
```
Note: The above credential-provider example is taken over in part from the [NextAuth.js credentials example](https://next-auth.js.org/configuration/providers/credentials). It is _not_ considered safe for production usage and you would need to adapt it further, e.g., by calling another service that provides authentication, such as [strapi](#example-with-a-custom-strapi-jwt-provider)
```

Reasoning: the code already specifies that it is unsafe + the code contains parts that are not from the nextauth-docs example, like the github oauth part + the nuxt virtual imports.

        } else {
          // eslint-disable-next-line no-console
          console.error('Warning: Malicious login attempt registered, bad credentials provided')

          // If you return null then an error will be displayed advising the user to check their details.
          return null

> 

Reviewer: comment unadressed: https://github.com/sidebase/nuxt-auth/pull/44/files#r1034458031

        } else {
          // eslint-disable-next-line no-console
          console.error('Warning: Malicious login attempt registered, bad credentials provided')

          // If you return null then an error will be displayed advising the user to check their details.
          return null

> 

Reviewer: please revert these changes -> out of scope for this PR + like this on purpose to exactly match the code in `[...].ts`

})
```

Note: There's more possible options for the `nextAuth.options` object, see [here](https://next-auth.js.org/configuration/options#options) for all available options.

Note: The above credential-provider example is taken over in part from the [NextAuth.js credentials example](https://next-auth.js.org/configuration/providers/credentials). It is _not_ considered safe for production usage and you would need to adapt it further, e.g., by calling another service that provides authentication, such as [strapi](#example-with-a-custom-strapi-jwt-provider)

##### Example with a custom Strapi JWT provider 

This section gives an example of how the `NuxtAuthHandler` can be configured to use Strapi JWTs for authentication via the `CredentialsProvider` provider.

You have to configure the following places to make `nuxt-auth` work with Strapi:

> - `STRAPI_BASE_URL` in `.env`: Add the Strapi environment variable to your .env file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `STRAPI_BASE_URL` in `.env`: Add the Strapi environment variable to your .env file
```

> - [`runtimeConfig.STRAPI_BASE_URL`-key in `nuxt.config.ts`](#nuxtconfigts): Add the Strapi base url env variable to the runtime config. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`runtimeConfig.STRAPI_BASE_URL`-key in `nuxt.config.ts`](#nuxtconfigts): Add the Strapi base url env variable to the runtime config
```

- [`auth`-key in `nuxt.config.ts`](#nuxtconfigts): Configure the module itself, e.g., where the auth-endpoints are, what origin the app is deployed to, ...
- [NuxtAuthHandler](#nuxtauthhandler): Configure the authentication behavior, e.g., what authentication providers to use

For a production deployment, you will have to at least set the:
- `STRAPI_BASE_URL` Strapi base URL for all API endpoints by default http://localhost:1337

1. Create a `.env` file with the following lines:

> ```ts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```env
```

##### Example with a custom Strapi JWT provider 

This section gives an example of how the `NuxtAuthHandler` can be configured to use Strapi JWTs for authentication via the `CredentialsProvider` provider.

You have to configure the following places to make `nuxt-auth` work with Strapi:
- `STRAPI_BASE_URL` in `.env`: Add the Strapi environment variable to your .env file
- [`runtimeConfig.STRAPI_BASE_URL`-key in `nuxt.config.ts`](#nuxtconfigts): Add the Strapi base url env variable to the runtime config
- [`auth`-key in `nuxt.config.ts`](#nuxtconfigts): Configure the module itself, e.g., where the auth-endpoints are, what origin the app is deployed to, ...
- [NuxtAuthHandler](#nuxtauthhandler): Configure the authentication behavior, e.g., what authentication providers to use

For a production deployment, you will have to at least set the:
- `STRAPI_BASE_URL` Strapi base URL for all API endpoints by default http://localhost:1337

1. Create a `.env` file with the following lines:

> ```ts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```env
```

})
```

##### Example with a custom Strapi JWT provider 

Here's what a full config can look like, we allow authentication via:

> - Strapi v4 JWTs with the `CredentialsProvider`

Reviewer: please make this one line -> as requested above

1. In your .env file add the following lines:
```ts
// Strapi v4 url, out of the box
 STRAPI_BASE_URL=http://localhost:1337/api
 STRAPI_API_TOKEN_SECRET=optional
```

2. In your `nuxt.config.ts` file, configure it like the following
```ts
export default defineNuxtConfig({
  runtimeConfig: {
    // The private keys which are only available server-side
    NUXT_SECRET: process.env.NUXT_SECRET,
    // Default http://localhost:1337/api
    STRAPI_BASE_URL: process.env.STRAPI_BASE_URL,
    // Optional but required for server-to-server ops
    STRAPI_APITOKEN_SECRET:process.env.STRAPI_APITOKEN_SECRET
  },
  auth: {
    origin: process.env.ORIGIN,
  },
});

```

3. Create the catch-all nitro route and add the this custom Strapi credentials provider.
```ts
// file: ~/server/api/auth/[...].ts
import CredentialsProvider from "next-auth/providers/credentials";
import { NuxtAuthHandler } from "#auth";

export default NuxtAuthHandler({
  secret: process.env.NUXT_SECRET,
  providers: [
    // @ts-ignore Import is exported on .default during SSR, so we need to call it this way. May be fixed via Vite at some point
    CredentialsProvider.default({
      name: "Credentials",

>       credentials: {
>         // Object is required but can be left empty.
>       },

Reviewer: Let's make this a bit more compact as it is mostly irrelevant:
```suggestion
        // Object is required but can be left empty.
```
```suggestion
      credentials: {},  // Object is required but can be left empty.
```

      async authorize(credentials: any) {
        const response = await $fetch(
          `${process.env.STRAPI_BASE_URL}/auth/local/`,
          {
            method: "POST",
            body: JSON.stringify({
              identifier: credentials.username,
              password: credentials.password,
            }),
          }
        );

        if (response.user) {
          const u = {
            id: response.id,
            name: response.user.username,
            email: response.user.jwt,
            // Passing the original JWT token through the email field.
            // IMPORTANT: Always pass encoded JWTs,

>             // don't pass around decoded JWTs.

Reviewer: i think this whole comment can go? it's outdated

          };
          return u;
        } else {
          return null;
        }
      },
    }),
  ]
});
```

> ###### Passing the headers after authenticating on a protected page

Reviewer: this is already part of our docs here: https://github.com/sidebase/nuxt-auth#application-side-jwt-token-access

Please remove the section, sorry, but it goes too far out of scope of this PR + adds nothing that is not already there.

              <button
                class="block w-full text-blue-800 text-sm font-semibold rounded-lg hover:bg-gray-100 focus:outline-none focus:shadow-outline focus:bg-gray-100 hover:shadow-xs p-3 my-4"
              >
                Refresh data
              </button>
            </div>
          </div>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
  </section>
</template>
```
For this example we won't focussing on the design of the page but we will be focussing on how to access restricted Strapi resources through that page.

Within the `<script setup>` section of the above code, take notice of the following lines.
```ts
// In this section of the Nuxt 3 application we need the session to be required, so we've set the required field to true.
const { signOut } = await useSession({ required: true })

// We need to take the existing headers from the current session and pass them on to the admin endpoint we are creating.
const headers = useRequestHeaders(['cookie'])
const { data, pending, error, refresh } = await useFetch(`/api/admin/data`, { headers: { cookie: headers.cookie } });
```

We're going to call this admin API endpoint, but first we have to create the endpoint in Nitro.

> ###### Creating a nitro endpoint for authenticated calls

Reviewer: Same as above, same reasoning: Please remove

For future contributions I can recommend to:
- stay narrow in the scope you're adding
- if you're uncertain whether a PR is the right  place for the thing you want to do: Open an issue first

See https://github.com/sidebase/nuxt-auth#getting-the-jwt-token.

})
```

> Note that there's way more options inside the `nextAuth.options` object, see [here](https://next-auth.js.org/configuration/options#options) for all available options.

Reviewer: Let's keep both notes:
```
Note: There's way more options [...]

Note: The above credential-provider [...]

##### Example with a custom Strapi JWT provider 

This section gives an example of how the `NuxtAuthHandler` can be configured to use Strapi JWTs for authentication via the `CredentialsProvider` provider.

> Ther are five places to configure `nuxt-auth` to work with Strapi:

Reviewer: Typo + let's make this more future proof by not mentioning a number:
```suggestion
You have to configure the following places to make `nuxt-auth` work with Strapi:
```

- `STRAPI_BASE_URL` in `.env`: Add the Strapi environment variable to your .env file.
- [`runtimeConfig.STRAPI_BASE_URL`-key in `nuxt.config.ts`](#nuxtconfigts): Add the Strapi base url env variable. 

> - [`runtimeConfig.STRAPI_API_TOKEN_SECRET`-key in `nuxt.config.ts`](#nuxtconfigts): Optional: Allows server-to-server/machine-to-machine/headless usage through Strapi API Tokens. 

Reviewer: let's remove everything related to `STRAPI_API_TOKEN_SECRET` -> as you say it's optional and not actually required for the `nuxt-auth` setup. Please remove:
- [ ] this line,
- [ ] the two lines below that also reference this

- [`auth`-key in `nuxt.config.ts`](#nuxtconfigts): Configure the module itself, e.g., where the auth-endpoints are, what origin the app is deployed to, ...
- [NuxtAuthHandler](#nuxtauthhandler): Configure the authentication behavior, e.g., what authentication providers to use

For a production deployment, you will have to at least set the:
- `STRAPI_BASE_URL` Strapi base URL for all API endpoints by default http://localhost:1337 
- `STRAPI_API_TOKEN_SECRET` optional, but required for server-to-server and/or headless usage.

> 1. In your .env file add the following lines:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a `.env` file with the following lines:
```

Author: I'm assuming people using the readme already have set-up their `.env` file for production.
In the readme, there is an existing section about going into production regarding the `.env` file.
I recommend taking over my runtimeConfig() in all your examples and put all your origin/secret/basePath into it and pull the docs straight regarding the `.env` file usage.
This needs to be more apparent in its body content, in the actual examples you should only talk about 'adding' additional environment variables. 

**E.G:**
For proper workflow, go with the following: 
From your (docker or pm2) .env file -> nuxt.config -> put them in public or runtimeConfig() everywhere else. 
Don't spam process.env in nuxt. The initial .env should feed the nuxt.config environment and use that instead, the end.

**GitHub provider**
    GithubProvider.default({
      clientId: 'your-client-id',
      clientSecret: 'your-client-secret'
    }),

should become
  **secret: config.NUXT_SECRET,**
  providers: [
    GithubProvider.default({
      clientId: **config.GITHUB_CLIENT_ID,**
      clientSecret: **config.GITHUB_CLIENT_SECRET**
    }),
    
PS: The secret in the Github provider example is missing, this GitHub example goes nowhere other than play testing it with nuxt-auth in its current shape.

I can agree that new developers would find it easier that reading the actual value is nice, but above DX common sense and good practice comes first, so this should be reflected professionally. I modified my code back to using the runtimeConfig and not the process.env spam, as this is currently the best practice regarding '.env' file usage universally within Nuxt. What do you think?

> ```ts

Reviewer: This is not `ts`, please use `env` instead

// Strapi v4 url, out of the box
 STRAPI_BASE_URL=http://localhost:1337/api
 STRAPI_API_TOKEN_SECRET=optional
```

> 2. In your `nuxt.config.ts` file, configure it like the following

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  Set the following options in your `nuxt.config.ts`:
```

```ts
export default defineNuxtConfig({
  runtimeConfig: {
    // The private keys which are only available server-side
    NUXT_SECRET: process.env.NUXT_SECRET,
    // Default http://localhost:1337/api
    STRAPI_BASE_URL: process.env.STRAPI_BASE_URL,
  },
  auth: {
    origin: process.env.ORIGIN,
  },
});

```

> 3. Create the catch-all nitro route and add the this custom Strapi credentials provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Create the catch-all `NuxtAuthHandler` and add the this custom Strapi credentials provider:
```

> Note that there's way more options inside the `nextAuth.options` object, see [here](https://next-auth.js.org/configuration/options#options) for all available options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: There's more possible options for the `nextAuth.options` object, see [here](https://next-auth.js.org/configuration/options#options) for all available options.
```

})
```

> ##### Example with a custom Strapi JWT provider 

Reviewer: please link this in the table of contents at the top!

> Here's what a full config can look like, wee allow authentication via:
> - Strapi v4 JWTs with the `CredentialsProvider`

Reviewer: this does not need to be a bullet list as there is only one bullet. Make it one sentence instead:
```suggestion
This section gives an example of how the `NuxtAuthHandler` can be configured to use Strapi JWTs for authentication via the `CredentialsProvider` provider.
```

Reviewer: this is also unadressed @darwebdb

> Note that the below implementation of the credentials provider stores the Strapi JWT in the profile field of the user. The user object will be wrapped inside the session. Sidenote: the session has it's own JWT. Sending the Nuxt-Auth session JWT token as bearer token will not work, you need to pass the token that is originally returned by Strapi to get authorised accessing any auth enabled resources on your Strapi Server.

Reviewer: Can you please adapt the example to _not_ store the JWT inside the `profile` field of the user? AFAIU this is _not_ the right way to do it but rather a hack. So until we understand how to correctly expand the user object to store the JWT, I would rather just focus this section on how to do auth with strapi (which works without storing the strapi JWT).

Reviewer: Tahis whole section can go, comment also unadressed

> For development, you can stay with the [Quick Start](#quick-start)-configuration.

Reviewer: this line can go

> There's three places to configure `nuxt-auth` to work with Strapi:

Reviewer: you say three but mention 5?

- `STRAPI_BASE_URL` in `.env`: Add the Strapi environment variable to your .env file.
- [`runtimeConfig.STRAPI_BASE_URL`-key in `nuxt.config.ts`](#nuxtconfigts): Add the Strapi base url env variable. 
- [`runtimeConfig.STRAPI_API_TOKEN_SECRET`-key in `nuxt.config.ts`](#nuxtconfigts): Optional: Allows server-to-server/machine-to-machine/headless usage through Strapi API Tokens. 
- [`auth`-key in `nuxt.config.ts`](#nuxtconfigts): Configure the module itself, e.g., where the auth-endpoints are, what origin the app is deployed to, ...
- [NuxtAuthHandler](#nuxtauthhandler): Configure the authentication behavior, e.g., what authentication providers to use

For a production deployment, you will have to at least set the:
- `origin` inside the `nuxt.config.ts` config (equivalent to `NEXTAUTH_URL` environment variable),

> - `secret` inside the `NuxtAuthHandler` config (equivalent to `NEXTAUTH_SECRET` environment variable)

Reviewer: this is duplicated and not specific for the strapi example,. right? so please remove it an dbe strapi specific

```

In your `nuxt.config.ts` file, configure it like the following
```ts
export default defineNuxtConfig({
  runtimeConfig: {
    // The private keys which are only available server-side
    NUXT_SECRET: process.env.NUXT_SECRET,
    // Default http://localhost:1337/api
    STRAPI_BASE_URL: process.env.STRAPI_BASE_URL,
    // Optional but required for server-to-server ops
    STRAPI_APITOKEN_SECRET:process.env.STRAPI_APITOKEN_SECRET
  },
  auth: {
    origin: process.env.ORIGIN,
  },
});

```

Create the catch-all nitro route and add the this custom Strapi credentials provider.
```ts
// file: ~/server/api/auth/[...].ts
import CredentialsProvider from "next-auth/providers/credentials";
import { NuxtAuthHandler } from "#auth";

export default NuxtAuthHandler({
  // secret needed to run nuxt-auth in production mode (used to encrypt data)
  secret: process.env.NUXT_SECRET,
  providers: [
    // @ts-ignore Import is exported on .default during SSR, so we need to call it this way. May be fixed via Vite at some point
    CredentialsProvider.default({
      name: "Credentials",
      credentials: {
        username: { label: "Username", type: "text", placeholder: "Test user" },

>         password: { label: "Password", type: "password" },

Reviewer: let's polish this a bit -> can you add good placeholders?

      },
      async authorize(credentials: any) {
        
        const user = await $fetch(
          `${process.env.STRAPI_BASE_URL}/auth/local/`,
          {
            method: "POST",
            body: JSON.stringify({
              identifier: credentials.username,
              password: credentials.password,
            }),
          }
        );

        if (user) {
          const u = {
            id: user.user.id,
            name: user.user.username,
            email: user.user.email,
            // Passing OG JWT through the email field.
            // IMPORTANT: Always pass around encoded JWTs,
            // don't pass around decoded JWTs.
            profile: user.jwt
          };
          return u;
        } else {
          return null;
        }
      },
    }),
  ],
  session: {

>     jwt: true,

Reviewer: is this required? if so: can you add a small comment above on why?

  }
});
```

> ###### Passing the headers after authenticating. 

Reviewer: Please remove dots after headings (this also happens below)

After setting up the authentication flow and when authenticated in the browser.
We need to supply the cookie headers to Nitro in our fetch calls to access auth protected Strapi resources.
- Create a useFetch or $fetch request that calls Nitro that includes the session cookie headers.
- In order to gain access to your protected Strapi endpoints, we need to extract the user object from the session server side in nitro using the getToken function.
- Finally we add the JWT token stored in the session user object as auth headers for our fetch request to Strapi.

> Add the following fetch request in e.g. your admin dashboard section of your Nuxt app.

Reviewer: this is the first time you mention this section, so I and others will not know what it is (:

Can you rework these "usage" sections to build up from zero? E.g.:
1. how to do a  app-side call to strapi by passing the strapi JWT token as a `Authorization` header
2. create an endpoint in the nuxt app that does the data fetching from a protected strapi endpoint, then call that endpoint from the frontend

Author: I added an example, but it went out of scope according to a newer change request.

```ts
const headers = useRequestHeaders(['cookie'])
const { data, pending, error, refresh } = await useFetch(`/api/admin/data`, { headers: { cookie: headers.cookie } });
```
We're gonna call this admin resource API after authentication next, after we have created it on the next step.

###### Creating a nitro endpoint for authenticated calls. 

1. Add a folder called admin in the `./server/api/` folder for ths example.

2. Inside the admin folder create a new nitro endpoint called `data.get.ts`. Add the following code.
```ts
import { getToken, getServerSession } from "#auth";

export default defineEventHandler(async (event) => {
  const session = await getServerSession(event);
  if (!session) return { status: "unauthenticated!" };

  const config = useRuntimeConfig();
  const token = await getToken({ event });
  const query = await useQuery(event);

  const settings = {
    method: "GET",
    headers: {
      "Content-Type": "application/json",
      // Ensure that the JWT tokens are encoded, when you are passing it around.

>       Authorization: "Bearer " + token.profile,

Reviewer: How about using format strings instead:
```suggestion
      Authorization: `Bearer ${token.profile}`,
```

    },
  };

  const { data } = await $fetch(
    `${config.STRAPI_BASE_URL}/<protected-strapi-resources>?populate=*`,
    settings
  );
  return data;
});

```

> This is the end of Strapi example section.

Reviewer: this is obvious from the next headint, let's remove it
